Create postgresql-extension-check.md (#70)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/postgresql-extension-check.md

# PostgreSQL outdated extensions

## Description

> It is common for installed extensions to follow upgrades of PostgreSQL. However, upgrading to a newer version of Postgres does not automatically upgrade the installed extensions. In some cases this is overlooked and is acceptable. However, one could be missing out on improvements, features and compatibility with newer versions of Postgres. Therefore, it is advisable to stay current with the latest extension if they have been validated by your development team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common for installed extensions to follow the upgrades of PostgreSQL. However, upgrading to a newer version of PostgresSQL does not automatically upgrade the installed extensions. In some cases this is overlooked and is acceptable. However, one could be missing improvements, features and compatibility that come with newer versions of PostgreSQL. Therefore, it is advisable to always have the latest versions of extensions if they have been validated by your development team.
```

> It is common for installed extensions to follow the upgrades of PostgreSQL. However, upgrading to a newer version of PostgresSQL does not automatically upgrade the installed extensions. In some cases this is overlooked and is acceptable. However, one could be missing improvements, features and compatibility that come with newer versions of PostgreSQL. Therefore, it is advisable to always have the latest versions of extensions if they have been validated by your development team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is common for installed extensions to follow the upgrades of PostgreSQL. However, upgrading to a newer version of PostgresSQL does not automatically upgrade the installed extensions. 
In some cases, this is overlooked and is acceptable. However, you could be missing improvements, features and compatibility that come with newer versions of PostgreSQL. 

Therefore, it is advisable to always have the latest versions of extensions if they have been validated by your development team.
```

## Resolution

> Upgrading an extension is straightforward. A simple query is executed from within the database containing the extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrading extensions is straightforward. A simple query is executed from within the database containing the extension.
```
